Update install-azure.md (#1449)
astronomer/docs: astro/install-azure.md

    These role assignments are required for cluster creation, and can be removed after the cluster is created.
- Microsoft Azure CLI or Azure Az PowerShell module.  See [How to install the Azure CLI](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cli/azure/install-azure-cli) and [Install the Azure Az PowerShell module](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/powershell/azure/install-az-ps).
- A minimum quota of 48 Standard Ddv5-series vCPUs in the deployment region. You can use Dv5-series vCPUs, but you'll need 96 total vCPUs composed of 48 Ddv5-series vCPUs and 48 Dv5-series vCPUs. To adjust your quota limits up or down, see [Increase VM-family vCPU quotas](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-portal/supportability/per-vm-quota-requests).

> - Validation that these VM types are available in all Availability Zones in the desired region.  The following az cli command checks that Standard_D4_v5 VMs (the default VM type for Astro)  are available in centralus 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Confirmation that the VM types are available in all Availability Zones in the selected region.  For example, you run the following Azure Az PowerShell command to confirm that the Standard_D4_v5 VMs (the default for Astro)  are available in the Central US region: 
```

  ```  
  az vm list-skus --location centralus --size Standard_D --all --output table | grep -e 'Restrictions\|Standard_D4_v5'
  ```  

>   If the VM types are not available, the output shows Restrictions.  In this case, open a support case with Microsoft Support to have these enabled.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  If the VM types are unavailable, the output returns Restrictions.  Contact Microsoft Support and ask to have the VMs enabled.
```
